well howdy there Internet people it's
Bob again so tonight we're going to talk
about the mainstream what is it what is
it really it's become a term we use to
criticize widely held beliefs and in a
way it becomes a signal to others that
we are more enlightened that may not be
the best approach the mainstream in
general are the agreed upon facts the
facts and ideas that the overwhelming
majority of people can agree upon that
is what becomes the mainstream the thing
is let's say you possess a radical idea
or to assuming if you're watching this
channel you probably do you probably
have views outside of the mainstream
what is your goal for those ideas what
do you want to do with them you just
want to hold them and therefore possess
some sense of superiority because yeah a
mainstream narrative a mainstream idea
fact it loses nuance it loses subtlety
because the finer points get washed away
so everybody can agree on it or the
majority of people can't agree on it but
if you have one of those radical
tributaries your goal at the end of the
day shouldn't it be too mainstream the
idea to get more people to believe it if
it is something that you believe in and
it's something that you truly hold as
something that is good and true and
right you would want that idea to become
mainstreamed you would want more people
to agree with it you would want it to
become part
of those agreed upon facts because once
that happens then it can shift the
course of the river so to speak because
that element of that idea that you
possess well now more and more people
possess it I think one of the primary
issues with bringing new ideas to the
rest of the world is that on some level
we may not want to actually bring them
there some people may like the idea that
they have that enlightenment that others
don't that they understand the nuance
and the subtlety but I would suggest
that if you hold a radical idea it's
because at least at some point you
really wanted everybody to believe that
so you can have a better world with this
in mind it may not be a good idea to
constantly bash be mainstream bash the
the widely held beliefs one of the
things that I see a lot is activists who
are on the front lines and generally
they are the ideological warriors of any
radical idea they're steeped in theory
and when they talk about it they talk in
theory they talk about things in terms
that becomes jargon things that most
people don't really understand that's
praxis what's it mean if you're talking
about a blue collar Union worker when he
hears that what's he gonna do
the use of terminology from within your
ideological end group may not always be
best for that ideology if you want your
ideas to become accepted they have to be
accessible and if you hide them in
language that nobody understands outside
of that end group it'll never happen if
you truly believe in your values you
want them to be mainstreamed you want
your ideas to become more palatable more
accessible for those who don't devote
their lives to philosophy or politics
sometimes you got to speak the language
of the people that you're talking to
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night